KEYWORDS:
Clandestine Military Organization: The Warehouse.
The heroes/protagonist's squad: Chevron Detachment
Precursors: Agarthians
Teleporter: Codenamed Cross Pollinator

At one point I started coming up with spy thriller ideas. There would be a secret clandestine organization who developed a teleportation machine. The machine would be integrated in a science complex and quite large. Imagine a particle accelerator where only a small room is where the teleportation happens.

So this would be totally not a portable machine and hard to replicate. But the organisation had to be careful to not reveal this advantage in their military tactics. The exercise of this idea would be to have a story where the teleporter has very specific and consistent rules and is used for military and espionage in creative ways.

I was having a hard time developing this story to something with a plot. But later I decided to recycle the idea into my current project. I wanted to make a story somewhat similar to the Stargate TV show. You have a small squad of heroes whom to focus all the development. Two of them are regular military dudes, but two others would be more exotic.

I've managed to deepen my story by introducing a faction of humans from an advanced precursor civilization. Although they are very technologically advanced, they had never come up with a teleporter like that of the clandestine organization. So they take great interest in it, breaking thousands of years of isolation to have the opportunity of using this teleporter to solve some big particular threat they've been dealing with.

The clandestine organization had no knowledge this faction exists, but they would find scattered remains of their technology and in an SCP or Warehouse13 fashion, would collect them. It was when particular devices from them were collected that the precursors learned about the organization and intervened.

Two soldiers of the precursors then become part of the squad. They learn they have a more mysterious common enemy.

There are a lot of loose ends to this story which I'm having trouble tying up, like who is the common enemy? How exactly do the precursors and the heroes meet? How have they been hiding? Would they really be a highly isolationist culture or just disguised in plain sight to observe? The story is very malleable right now. Nonetheless, I've established concretely how the teleporter works and the technology and internal culture of the precursors.

In my last post I've written a short outline on my concept for a story. Some military guys using a teleporter to find and collect artifacts from a precursor civilization. They weren't aware the precursors are still around. The artifacts were of space alien origin, for all they knew. They just know that some of these artifacts contain a resource they need to power up the teleporter. A type of metal they dubbed AGM (Anti-Gravity Material) the precursors called it "Dimensional Alloy". 

This material isn't intrinsically antigravity, like in the Avatar movies, but actually it has 4th spatial dimensional freedom. It can slide in or out of our reality, causing it to change either volume or mass independently. Its size and mass are constant, it's just that you can slide along the slice of it that interacts with our 3D space reality. 

This motion between dimensions can be controlled magnetically. Also, it can collide with other pieces made of this material, outside 3D space, so it's possible to make seemingly impossible geometries, where parts seem to exert invisible forces between them.

The scientists of the military organization figured out  way to have these alloys shift into negative mass, alas the appearance of shields against gravity. The precursors give a lot of uses to this material, but had never realized the possibility of negative mass and therefore have also never invented true and practical teleportation. Once they found out the machine existed, they were very keen on getting opportunities to use it. Two soldiers, Seibra Gamma and Exfon Delta join the ranks of clandestine military organization and go with the protagonist's squad on fanciful adventures.

The precursors own a lot of mind-screwing technology. For as much the organization tries to reverse engineer the recovered artifacts, only the simpler ones they manage to make work. This because the complicated machinery, the technology running on computers, is controlled by mind interfaces. These types of controls rely on people who possess special neurons that were genetically engineered. They aren't naturally occurring through human evolution, but designed specifically for this. These neurons also allow telepathic communication between precursors, but that requires a lengthy explanation.

The bulk of precursor technology is derived from genetic engineering. Their machines are a form of synthetic lifeforms which grow from seeds or eggs, like living organisms do. Rather than metallic robots, they went the technological route of muscle-bone constructs controlled by computers composed of neurons. Some machines, as in vehicles, integrate the brain of the person controlling them as the computer for functioning.

The basic soldier uniform starts with a vest made of strong synthetic fibers worn on top of a torsolet sort of clothing which is actually a leathery living organism  which can self-repair from injuries and carries medicine-producing glands to be autoinjected to the wearer. For maintenance, it needs no more that sharing blood circulation with the wearer. Protecting the body extremities of the soldiers, there is a sort of black goo, with the texture of plasticine. 

It's composed of nanomachines to form programmable matter. So although it looks liquid, it sticks and conforms to the body without dripping. It is powered by solar energy And whenever light is available, it will charge batteries used by other equipment. It can also sense the vital signs of the wearer and constrict injured extremities like a tourniquet, if damage is detected. 

By means of structural colouring it can also display iridescent colours, providing visual signals between soldiers about intentions and health status without needing speech. Finally, this smart goo can also pump cooling fluids to keep the body at optimal temperatures.

Rarely you see a soldier with only this basic uniform. Depending on their task and mission, they will have attached extra gear to it. Powered exoskeletons for increased speed and strength, for example, or a type of cybernetic tail appendage which is used for climbing and is also capable of firing rocket powered, yet reusable guided darts. Think of bullets, but they can strike more targets after hitting the first one. If they weren't depleted and there are no more targets to hit, the darts are stowed back in the weapon and refuelled.

The precursors don't value their body integrity in combat very much. They've been able to manufacture human bodies with 3D printers for a long time and if a body is injured, they just upload their minds to a new body. This makes them extremely dangerous and aggressive in battle. Their tactics are usually to overwhelm the enemy in close quarters. They aren't immortal, nor invulnerable, but as long as there's someone to carry a dying body to a fabricator, they will keep coming back in no time.

Given this technology, precursors have stopped reproducing naturally altogether. They reproduce by manufacturing more bodies synthetically, then uploading reshuffles of existing minds for novel personalities. They made themselves sterile so they can enjoy sex with less concerns and their culture reflects that.

Many individuals choose to die at some point, but it isn't uncommon for precursors to endure thousands of years, replacing their body to evade aging. Can you imagine how unpredictably different would be the culture of such society? But how have they been hiding?

Well, for starters, there aren't all that many of them. While the contemporary population is reaching ten billion people, there are only few thousands of precursors. Moreover, unless they are on a mission, like engineers or soldiers, most of them will have no material body. They have built a network of computers across the globe to which their minds are uploaded and live in a common virtual reality.

A long time ago, their society got tired of dealing with threats and warfare with other nations and while the other nations were being decimated from conflict and scarcity, the precursors moved into the virtual world they could control and nobody would find. The remaining nations then reduced to a primitive state, were the survivors of the human species bottleneck and are direct ancestors of non-precursor humans.

In the modern times, contemporary humans are increasingly approaching precursors in their advancements and therefore the precursors have taken interest to observe and intervene if necessary. People don't know precursors exist, but they could be taking up jobs and infiltrating modern society in disguise. They haven't really decided a plan for us, but who knows, we might one day gain their respect, rather than being considered primitive filth.
